very good family how are you what's up
my kids pay attention because I
have a bomb for you I'm here with Soul
Soul can you say hello How are you
all Thank you
very much for inviting me
again my dear Javi Thank you very much well is
your house eternal that you can hear
Soul in the background from the world of Soul and it's
getting in little by little well
little by little no you're already involved in the
gossip eh You're already involved in the gossip
quite a bit yes yes I liked this
gossip well Well it turns out that Soul
contacted me this afternoon to
tell me that he had some
pretty bombshell information And it seems that it may be
possible that Luisito communicates
and his girlfriend Ari lied to us last night no
saul it seems to be eh What happens is that
as those of you who are around Twitter will have noticed,
since yesterday
Luisito has been trending
mainly because of the participation of
Cinnia his ex-girlfriend in this podcast by
untalfredo where she made several
statements that this podcast is the
same one that we already talked about with
What was the other name  girl that of
Hector Portillo with invisible cloak yes it is
exactly the same podcast yes it has
always had a bit of the same profile of
guests no curiously I feel that not
in this case I have seen it
completely and in fact even the girl does not
speak badly never speaks uses
any no rudeness No insults
none of that to refer is quite
different this specific man is
that invisible cloak passes through passes through the
chest I mean that girl was amazing
Hey she calmed down no By the way she calmed down
yeah the last thing I had prepared another
video but when I uploaded mine
the subject already disappeared How strange dude Well
look a break for this
Portillo who was about to come
here in the end yes the idea was that
I spoke with him and I said look I'm going to
upload this video where I say that I have
the evidence and from there the
subject was never brought up again and I told him well look no longer there is no
point I had
it cojonado well It turns out
that yesterday this girl the cool one I
know her for her coolness more than for
cat tongues Well in a bit with this
guy  revealed some episodes in which she
realized that Luisito while he
was with her It seems
that he was still with other women and he was also very
shameless. I don't know what you think Soul
but I think that obviously the chule women
have more leather than Ricky Eddie the
truth is that they do. Those who haven't
seen it in this podcast so as not to throw
everything away can watch it from approximately minute 40
41, that's where he begins to
tell all of this eh in an e way where he
tells us quickly that he returned
home one day and found all of his
things moved, his clothes hidden and well there
were several excuses that you will
hear what you don't know is that the
girl who cleans gave me that box and
she put it there so that I could keep
my things there or I mean how is she going to
hide the box from me if she was the one who
put it there she gave it to me so that it would
be there so that it wouldn't make a
mess and all these months and years I haven't
moved it from there and now it turns out that I did and I
started looking for things in the house and everything
was moved and hidden and I told her
why all the things are  inside of
the nightstands all the things that are mine
our house was decorated very chill it
wasn't feminine or masculine at all it was
very in between and we had pictures stuffed animals like that
nothing very relationship you know and well all
my things the funny thing is that in my
our room there were no clothes of mine I
had a closet in the other room so
that I wouldn't share we wouldn't share
So it's very easy to put all my
things in the drawer and uh close the other
room and pretend that this is your room
alone and well I was asking him
why are my things hidden
Why are my things hidden and he
told me something that to this day I don't believe he
said Oh I hid them to see
how it felt to not be with you but
well the important thing about this is that
immediately after both Luisito
and Ari give a response on Instagram
and come out to say that no that Well Luisito
says come on that Ari has nothing to do with me
nothing happened with her Ari is
getting a lot of hate for the interview that
my ex-girlfriend did eh which is hate that the
truth is zero corresponds to him Ari has
nothing to do with this and I want it to stay  very
clear and so Ari started attacking
this one the chule no well listen to me what
about that he keeps all the things in the house
so it looks like he doesn't have a girlfriend that's
incredible eh that already already at least It
's strange Oh and the important detail is
that of course or rather everything is doubted
until there is evidence the chule
Claims to have evidence she doesn't give it in the
video but she does mention other people
involved because she commented that she has
another person involved who is a friend and the
mother of this friend Who went to the
house that belonged to both of Luisito and the
chule to get some things that were still
left of the chule there it doesn't turn out that
there She claims that the friend saw
Luisito leave with another girl she just
said it like that eh In fact throughout the entire podcast she
never mentions deari's name not
only does she say that the friend and the
friend's mother saw Luisito leave the
house with another girl there is that it could
be Ari as it could be anyone Yes of
course or rather that's why she didn't say a name
in fact she never refers to her but
everything is by date quadrant more than
anything well them last night
They come out to answer and claim that well, it's that I don't even understand why they run to deny that Ari has nothing to do with it, they use the excuse that people are throwing themselves at Aris, but of course, as you are saying, the pimp never says that she is the one who
goes home while he hides
all the things to make it seem like he does not
have a partner, he never mentions Ares, you never
know, or rather this Exactly, he never mentions and
and here it is, that's why I was telling you that it is a
different podcast than cape's because she
emphasizes a lot that please do not
throw hate at anyone, several things,
no, she even apologizes for a mistake that
she liked a comment that she
first threw flowers at her but in the
end she says that she did not read, eh there I
think she liked the comment but she did
not expect that they were going to catch her, no
Maybe maybe it could be that yes, that's what she
says, she says in the podcast that it
was a mistake but I think that between the
anger between everything she saw and those things
that she had as proof because she claims to
have proof of the infidelity, well maybe she did
like it, no  Well, let's see, I was
telling you that it was the same
podcast profile in the sense of spite, no. I
mean, it's going to be 5 years later because it would have been
good for her to tell it
at the time, 5 years already. Ah, a little strange. The
truth is, yes, yes, quite a bit, the truth is that
yes, you. Imagine that you have a
conflict like that, no, imagine a conflict
like that with a partner, it ends badly because of you,
you cheat on her or whatever, and now
you have your life made, and 5 years
later the ex-girlfriend comes out to tell it in a viral podcast, it's a little strange, it's not relevant, yes, that it's quite out of time, it is here, what's interesting about everything that I see is because then I
wanted to confirm, no because what
Luisito said first was that he met Ari
after having broken up. Ari and I
met months after Cynthia and
I broke up, I mean, then in their
stories they claim that they
met in October, do your math.
Ari and I met, November 2019,
maybe the end of October 2019, and we didn't
even meet.  that we started
dating, I mean, Hello, I'm Ari Hello, I'm
Luis Ari has nothing to do with
this I want to make it very clear Ari
came into my life months but months later
so tie whoever to me to me tell me
what you want fnme to me Yeah everything's cool but Abi don't even bring it up I mean I repeat months Later it has nothing, nothing, nothing to do with this and then I said I remember he had a podcast Luisito where he said how they met and told their whole story not in curtains Ah in curtains
right there in an hour and a half they tell
a lot of things about them Total that I see it and
yes That podcast was recorded back in
2020 that right there they say that
indeed the same version that they
met in October the photo is there that is
supposedly from the first photo so well
Ari and I well our
love story begins like
a year ago no Aricita a little over
a year ago yes a little over a year ago in
October it became a year I remember because
we have a photo album Well on my
phone I have a photo album
called with Luis with  lu with Luis that's his
name and there are photos of everything I mean
everything we've done where we've
gone of all the times we've gone out
and they say that that day they went to many
clubs to many many clubs and they
took this photo and it was the one they uploaded
We have here on the screen a photo of
our first date that I remember it's
because of the date in the album don't think that I
cover many dates in my head no it doesn't
happen exactly in fact that's why I
forgot to mention it that's why
we're wearing these particular clothes
Ho And I already said Well it seems a little
strange to me a first date to see
someone for the first time in a club one
thing one thing man Sorry to
interrupt you is looking for that photo and that
photo no Where is it uploaded it's not uploaded
on Luisito's Instagram No look that's what's what's
strange But at least Tom they
took a screenshot of the iPhone camera roll and
it has the date no okay And I said I said
Well okay it's there it's there the
photo however then there were people who
were I mean I had stayed there and I
said Ah well eh  Nothing happened
because it would be almost the same as
the other case but there were people who
were reviewing comments and they are the ones that
I sent you Hey Here's the weird thing
Here's the strange thing and it is that there were
comments that Ari had made to
Luisito long before dates Even in which
he was still with the girl And that
's where it feels a little strange that there
was so much interaction I don't know
if friendly or in what sense right But
well a quite marked interaction
between the two of them through Instagram
even when he was still with the
girl we have one from April 10th
2019 we have another one from August 16th
2019 we have another one from August 25th
2019 Look at my birthday we have another one from
other months okay but
October is approaching and here's a question that I
ask you Soul Of course because these screenshots
could be the date it could be from
Luisito's photo not from the comment no
Exactly Yes yes yes you have an excellent
question there the truth is that I tried to
corroborate it on my part because of course I
tell you right now that these screenshots are
not  mine those screenshots were uploaded
through Twitter Yes, with several
different users several
different users so we can confirm that
the comment is real but your question is
correct however there are other screenshots
where it's not just the comment
outside the publication but a
screenshot inside the
comment box and in this one we can see for
example there is one where it is marked that he
made it eh 200 and so many weeks ago not
200 and so many weeks 233 weeks that yes we
do a count of 233 weeks Well
match the dates for example August
I think it's August that I sent you Yes yes it
is At the moment let's go At the moment of
asking of At the moment of publishing it andito
the photo Let's say he
published photographs and she
commented on him also I tell you or they
knew each other or she was following behind to get to
know him Yes of course Yes of course even Well
for some reason it counts This eh of the cool one
also counts that the two of them
followed each other on Instagram because they
had once shared photographers
and had taken photos in the same
place you never know about that anymore  He
went into more detail but the point is
that there was already a lot of interaction between
Luisito and Ari since he was a guide with
the girl and well you can
see that these comments even
well the one from August and then
also the ones from April and all the others
that I tell you are from various sources not
just from one person because they would also be
well placed according to the date that
the photos were taken conclusion because of
course we must also remember that
Luisito and the girl did not announce that they
had broken up, I mean they went for several
weeks I don't know if even a month and a half without
saying that she in the podcast confirms
that I don't know if you remember her controversy
where he supposedly had been
unfaithful well exactly no it turned out that
no that hadn't happened that that is in
fact There those messages were not from
Luisito no I don't know if you remember Yes yes yes
we saw it last night in that same podcast the
girl confirms that indeed that
controversy is not true that gossip was not that
Luisito had been unfaithful those
were Rayo's messages the question
here is that she mentions that from the day that
gossip exploded there was  it's only been a
week So this was actually only
a week according to herself
in this new podcast they had already
broken up just a week not
months or two Yes but there they
publicly confirmed that they had broken up when
that controversy came out they confirmed that they
had broken up that information yes I don't have it
maybe you have it fresher I think it did
n't take a few weeks
Because look I'm going to be honest he and I
were already kind of with one foot out of
the relationship the last the last few
months we had turned 5 years and we
were already for months we were kind of weird
because well I don't know we were already on the
same path
a lot of things bothered me anymore I didn't even consume his
content at all I edited it or
helped him record it and it's not at that
time I already had an editor So I
recorded it when we traveled but I didn't
see it anymore I didn't edit it and I didn't see his
content anymore I was a little
tired of the character I was a little
tired of the way of traveling I was a
little tired of people's hate towards
me I didn't want to have anything to do
with that part anymore  I'm going that most
likely this girl was with
Luisito flirting because she didn't know they had
broken up too, so it's
Luisito's fault for everything. Ah Yes, yes, of course, I mean,
yes, yes, because it was never announced and
maybe that would explain a little bit of this whole
Hide and Seek clothes thing and I don't know how
many things were mentioned there exactly
exactly telling your girlfriend it's not that I
'm testing to see what it feels like If I didn't
have a partner, she said, Oh, I hid them to
see how it felt not to be with you, that I did
n't live a little weird, a little weird,
well Saul, man, delighted to have you
around man, Thank you very much for the info, The
pleasure is mine, my brother. Thank you very much.
I hope to see you around here again soon and I
send you a huge kiss and to you guys
chat, tell me what you think in the
comments box, subscribe to the Soul Channel
and I'll see you in the next video,
gorgeous,
bye.
[Music]
i